Hello, I'm Qwen TTS, and I'll be narrating this presentation for Evyatar.
We'll cover how the Meeting Highlights prompt was redesigned — from a
four-call GPT-4
pipeline down to a single unified prompt — cutting GPU costs by
roughly seventy percent.
Let's start with what Meeting Highlights actually produces.
It's a four-stage pipeline.
A meeting transcript goes into an LLM, which produces structured metadata —
timestamps, topic boundaries, and narration text.
That metadata is used to generate TTS audio for the narration.
Then the highlights video is streamed on demand by seeking into the
original recording at those timestamps.
There's no video rendering step — the model produces editing instructions, and
playback
happens live.
The LLM produces two types of content.
Abstractive narration — AI-written topic summaries spoken over muted meeting
video.
And extractive clips — the actual best moments from the meeting, with
original audio
and video preserved.
Here's the problem I faced.
The V1 implementation used four sequential LLM calls per meeting.
At projected GA scale, that would require roughly six hundred A100 GPUs
— far exceeding approved quotas.
This made Meeting Highlights a capacity blocker, preventing the GA rollout.
As my engineering manager put it — I needed a fundamentally different
strategy.
This wasn't a problem we could solve by adding more hardware.